# Eatit

## About Eatit

We are a technology company first, but with a major focus on consumer well-being through a healthy diet. Most people are very busy with their jobs, family and friends, and other important activities, which doesn't leave much time for cooking. This might lead to a poor diet and lasting health consequences. We want to solve this problem by using an AI-centric approach. Users can use our app to select their diet and foods they like and dislike, and our AI algorithm will create a custom and individual weekly meal plan. But we don't stop there. We partner with restaurants and other cooking partners to actually cook and deliver all meals from the generated meal plans, in selected cities. All this will be packed up in a monthly subscription, where users can choose between receiving one or two meals per day, every single day of the month.

## Branding

Headline: A healthy and tasty meal delivered at your doorstep, everyday

Brand color: #e67e22

## Eatit Website Content

### Summary

Our annual diet plan aims to provide healthy meals to you based on your taste and diet preferences.
A fabulous end to 2024, where we delivered 132,568+ orders!

### Eatit features

Say No to cooking at home!: Our annual subscription covers the major holidays as well barring a few 😊
Ingredients: Our cooks use fresh, local and organic ingredients to prepare the meals.
Customized meals: You can regulate the spices and other raw materials used in cooking based on you preferences😁
Eco-friendly: We always use bio-degradable packagings, so a big yes to pollution free environment🙌
Flexible: Going on vacation? Just pause your subscription, and we refund unused days.

### How Eatit works

[Show big app images]

Your Daily Dose of Health in Three Simple Steps

Inform us of your dietary preferences and eliminate the need to ponder over meal choices. Eatit AI meticulously designs a personalized weekly meal plan tailored to your needs, ensuring you receive all essential nutrients and vitamins, irrespective of your dietary regime.

On a weekly basis, review and approve the meal plan generated by Eatit AI. You have the flexibility to modify the ingredients, replace entire meals, or incorporate your own recipes to align with your preferences.

### Eatit works with any diet

Vegetarian
Vegan
Pescatarian
Gluten-free
Lactose-free
Keto
Paleo
Low FODMAP
Kid-friendly

### Sample meals

** Eatit AI chooses from 5,000+ recipes**

Meal 1: Japanese Gyozas

- Category: Vegetarian
- Calories: 650
- NutriScore (Registered): 74
- Average rating: 4.9
- Number reviews: 537

Meal 2: Avocado Salad

- Category: Vegan and Paleo
- Calories: 400
- NutriScore (Registered): 92
- Average rating: 4.8
- Number reviews: 441

### We offer a free sample meal

[Create simple form for users to sign up]

Indulge in healthy, delicious, and hassle-free meals today! Start your journey to eating well with us. You have the flexibility to cancel or pause at any time, and the first meal is on the house!

### We have 2 pricing plans

Prices include all applicable taxes. Users can cancel at any time.

Starter: $399 per month

- 1 meal per day
- Order times are between 11am and 9pm
- Delivery is free

Complete: $649 per month

- 2 meal2 per day
- Order 24/7
- Delivery is free
- Get access to latest recipes

### Photo gallery

[Use the 12 photos we provided]

### Customer testimonials

[Photos of customers included]

Dave Bryson: Experiencing affordable, nutritious, and delicious meals without the hassle of manual ordering truly feels like magic.

Ben Hadley: The AI algorithm is incredibly effective, selecting the perfect meals for me every single time. It’s amazing not having to worry about food anymore!

Steve Miller: Eatit has been a lifesaver! With the recent launch of my company, I barely have time to cook. I can't imagine my life without my daily meals now.

Hannah Smith: I’ve got Eatit for the entire family, and it has saved us so much time! Besides, everything is organic, vegan, and free from plastic.

### Section with logos of featured publications [see images]

### Contact information

Address: 623 Harrison St., 2nd Floor, San Francisco, CA 94107
Phone: 415-201-6370
Email: hello@omnifood.com

Social profiles: instagram, facebook, twitter [links to them not available yet]

### Additional links [links not available yet]

Create account
Sign in
iOS app
Android app
About Eatit
For Business
Cooking partners
Careers
Recipe directory
Help center
Privacy & terms
